parser: merge nested dynamic attributes (#8664)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/release-notes/rl-next.md

- Nix now allows unprivileged/[`allowed-users`](../command-ref/conf-file.md#conf-allowed-users) to sign paths.
  Previously, only [`trusted-users`](../command-ref/conf-file.md#conf-trusted-users) users could sign paths.

- Nested dynamic attributes are now merged correctly by the parser. For example:

  ```nix
  {
    nested = { foo = 1; };
    nested = { ${"ba" + "r"} = 2; };
  }
  ```

>   This used to silently discard `nested.bar`, but now behaves correctly.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
  This used to silently discard `nested.bar`, but now behaves as one would expect and evaluates to
  
  ```nix
  { nested = { bar = 2; foo = 1; }; }
  ```
````

>   Note that this feature is [controversial](https://github.com/NixOS/nix/pull/2089#issuecomment-382672405) and should not be relied upon too much as it makes files harder to read.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
  Note that the feature of merging multiple attribute set declarations is of questionable value, as it makes files harder to read.
  It has been around for a long time and is therefore supported for backwards compatibility, but should not be relied upon.
````

I don't think we should link to GitHub issues. Just put the information inline.

Reviewer: Sorry, I edited the comment while thinking about it. Please re-check the suggestion.
